Update local SDK injection to current behavior + formatting (#35213)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/guide/local_sdk_injection.md

```yaml
    metadata:
      labels:
        admission.datadoghq.com/enabled: "true" 
        tags.datadoghq.com/env: "<ENV>"
        tags.datadoghq.com/service: "<SERVICE>"
        tags.datadoghq.com/version: "<VERSION>" 
      annotations:
        admission.datadoghq.com/java-lib.version: "v1.12.0"
```

See the [UST documentation][10] for more information.

### Step 3: Apply your changes and verify injection 

After applying your updated pod spec, let Kubernetes re-create your pods to trigger the Admission Controller.

```
kubectl apply -f my-deployment.yaml
```

When injection is successful, the pod includes two `initContainers` named `datadog-init-apm-inject` and `datadog-lib-<LANGUAGE>-init` for your specified tracer language and version:

{{< img src="tracing/trace_collection/datadog-lib-init.png" alt="Pod details in Datadog with `initContainers` listed" style="width:100%;" >}}

> Alternatively, check for the new `initContainers` and added APM configurations on your pod using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, confirm injection and the added environment variables on your pod using:
```
